The bundle has a secret feature that
I've never seen anyone talk about, and
it could be super useful in Dream Six
Hunter Manhunt. Let me explain. Everyone
knows bundles are insanely useful since
they let you store a bunch of small
stacks of items in one inventory slot
instead of having them clutter your
inventory. And while this obviously
could be useful to Dream, it's not what
I'm talking about. One of the best parts
of Manhunt is when Dream outsmarts the
hunters. But outsmarting the hunters can
be really hard because Minecraft gives
the hunters clues on what Dream is doing
through advancements. Like if Dream gets
iron, diamonds, obsidian, or blaze rods,
the game prints a message in chat
letting the hunters know that Dream has
those items. But it's possible to avoid
this because if you open a container and
put items from it into a bundle and then
put the bundle into your inventory, the
advancement won't trigger. You can even
craft using these items without
triggering an advancement if you don't
let the items into these slots. And this
means Dream could gather a bunch of
diamonds without the hunters knowing and
then surprise them by suddenly having
diamond gear.